Oh, my. My parental role models obviously impacted me the most because
they were consistent and always there, and they demanded a lot for
me. Um, my the other role models that I had, whether they were coaches
or teachers or anything like that, you know, they they certainly
contributed significantly to my, uh, who I am. They supported me, and
we're willing thio support my goals when I was young. Um, they say
they impacted me numerous ways from making me who I am today. Whether
I whether looking back, I ended up agreeing with them or not, I still
appreciate the types of things they taught me. An impacted me through
my life. You gotta remember you don't become who you are by yourself.
You're there are tons of people that have an impact you, even
if it's like small micro impacts. So you've got to give those folks
credit and showing you how to be a hate contributing human being